I had either internet people Isabeau
again so I was driving down the road the
other day text him on my phone calls for
car pilot man one old man wound up on
life support I told the judge I was like
take him off life support and the family
said no so now I don't have to pay for
the medical bills or anything I'm not
obligated for that in the least guys
this is what it sounds like when you say
well if I don't have a say in whether or
not she keeps the baby then I shouldn't
have to pay child support it doesn't
make any sense please apply that logic
to anything else we have an issue
understand bodily autonomy in this
country it's her body it's really that
simple anyway it's just a fault
y'all have a good night